Q #1) Write a Java Program to reverse a string without using String inbuilt function.
Q #2) Write a Java Program to reverse a string without using String inbuilt function reverse().
Q #3) Write a Java Program to swap two numbers using the third variable.
Q #4) Write a Java Program to swap two numbers without using the third variable.
Q #5) Write a Java Program to count the number of words in a string using HashMap.
Q #6) Write a Java Program to iterate HashMap using While and advance for loop.
Q #7) Write a Java Program to find whether a number is prime or not.
Q #8) Write a Java Program to find whether a string or number is palindrome or not.
Q #9) Write a Java Program for the Fibonacci series.
For Example 0,1,1,2,3,5,8,13,21
Q #15) Write a Java Program to find the duplicate characters in a string.
Q #16) Write a Java Program to find the second-highest number in an array.
Q #17) Write a Java Program to check Armstrong number.
Q #18) Write a Java Program to remove all white spaces from a string with using replace().
Q #19) Write a Java Program to remove all white spaces from a string without using replace().
Q #20) Write a Java Program to read an excel.
3. Write a Java program to check if a vowel is present in a string.
. Write a Java program to check if the given number is a prime number.
5. Write a Java program to print a Fibonacci sequence using recursion.
6. How do you check if a list of integers contains only odd numbers in Java?
9. How do you remove leading and trailing spaces from a string in Java?
10. How do you sort an array in Java?
17. Write Java program that checks if two arrays contain the same elements.
18. How do you get the sum of all elements in an integer array in Java?
20. How do you shuffle an array in Java?
22. How do you print a date in specific format in Java?
25. How do you remove all occurrences of a given character from an input string in Java?
26. How do you get distinct characters and their count in a string in Java?
28. Can you write some code to showcase inheritance in Java?